= Recipe Puppy

This is a ruby wrapper for the recipepuppy.com API.  Search for recipes by recipe name and/or by ingredients.

{API Details}[http://www.recipepuppy.com/about/api/]

== Installation

gem install recipe_puppy

== Usage

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'recipe_puppy'

  # Simple Search
  steakrecipes = RecipePuppy::Recipe.search_for("steak")
  steakrecipes.get['results'].each do |recipe|
    puts recipe['title']
    puts recipe['href']
    puts recipe['ingredients']
    puts recipe['thumbnail']
  end

  # Chaining Search with_ingredients
  steakrecipes = RecipePuppy::Recipe.search_for("steak").with_ingredients("onions, mushrooms")
  steakrecipes.get['results'].each do |recipe|
    puts recipe['title']
    puts recipe['href']
    puts recipe['ingredients']
    puts recipe['thumbnail']
  end

  # All methods can be chained as follows
  RecipePuppy::Recipe.search_for("steak").with_ingredients("onions, mushrooms").get['results'].each do |recipe|
    puts recipe['title']
    puts recipe['href']
    puts recipe['ingredients']
    puts recipe['thumbnail']
  end

== Dependencies

JSON

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Phil McClure. See LICENSE for details.
